# Getting started with H programming

# Requirements
- An H compiler, such as Can Pooper.

# Quick Start
Here is an example of an H program. It's much easier to learn by looking at practical examples.
```
hey guys im using one point zero.
im gonna use package io.

function main, which has arguments () and returns a integer {
    say "Hello World".
    zero
}
main
```
Okay, now let's break down the parts of the code. 

Line 1 tells the compiler what version of H language to use. You can notice that instead of writing "1.0", I wrote "one point zero". This is because, every line of code in the H language must end with a period. Of course, this will inevitably cause collisions, so floating-point numbers must use `point` instead. Also, number-based types in general must use words like `one`, `two`, `three`, etc, in order to better imitate natural language.

Line 2 tells the compiler to use the `io` module, which means input/output. Notice how this line also requires a period at the end.

Line 3 is left blank for visibility.

Line 4 begins the `main` function. Coincidentally, this is also the syntax for creating functions in general. But we'll talk more about that later. The `main` function returns an integer, which is the return code of the program.

Line 5 uses the `say` function. This is also the syntax for calling functions, but again, we'll talk more about that later. 

Line 6 is the return value of the `main` function. A period is not required here. Whenever there's an expression without a period somewhere, it probably means the return value. Like Rust.

Line 7 ends the `main` function.

Line 8 calls the `main` function. Bozo, did you really think the main function was the entry point of the program? Nope, H language just runs starting from the beginning of the file. 